Add Remaining text (2 of 2) (#249)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/05.administrative.md

**Figure 3. Mutational co-occurrence and signatures highlight key oncogenic drivers.** 

> A, Bar plot of occurrence and co-occurrence of nonsynonymous mutations for the 50 most commonly mutated genes across all tumor types (annotated from `cancer_group` if N >= 10 or `Other` if N < 10); B, Co-occurrence and mutual exclusivity of nonsynonymous mutations between genes; The co-occurrence score is defined as $I(-\log_{10}(P))$ where $P$ is defined by Fisher's exact test and $I$ is 1 when mutations co-occur more often than expected and -1 when exclusivity is more common; C, The number of SV breaks significantly correlate with CNV breaks (Adjusted R = 0.436, p = 1.08e-37). D, Chromothripsis frequency across pediatric brain tumors shown by `cancer_group` with N >= 3. E, Sina plots of RefSig signature weights for signatures 1, 3, 8, 11, 18, 19, N6, MMR2, and Other across cancer groups. Box plot lines represent the first quartile, median, and third quartile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A, Bar plot of occurrence and co-occurrence of nonsynonymous mutations for the 50 most commonly mutated genes across all tumor types (annotated from `cancer_group` if N >= 10 or `Other` if N < 10); B, Co-occurrence and mutual exclusivity of nonsynonymous mutations between genes; The co-occurrence score is defined as $I(-\log_{10}(P))$ where $P$ is defined by Fisher's exact test, and $I$ is 1 when mutations co-occur more often than expected and -1 when exclusivity is more common; C, The number of SV breaks significantly correlates with the number of CNV breaks (Adjusted $R = 0.436, $P = 1.08\times10^{-37}$). D, Chromothripsis frequency across pediatric brain tumors shown by `cancer_group` with N >= 3. E, Sina plots of RefSig signature weights for signatures 1, 3, 8, 11, 18, 19, N6, MMR2, and Other across cancer groups. Box plot lines represent the first quartile, median, and third quartile.
```

Part of my edit here assumes the LaTeX math will appear for the P-value in the rendering.

Author: testing

**Figure 4. _TP53_ and telomerase activity** 

> A, Receiver Operating Characteristic for _TP53_ classifier run on FPKM of stranded RNA-Seq samples. B, Violin and box plots of _TP53_ scores plotted by _TP53_ alteration type (N<sub>activated</sub> = 27, N<sub>lost</sub> = 140, N<sub>other</sub> = 999). C, Violin and box plots of _TP53_ RNA expression plotted by _TP53_ activation status (N<sub>activated</sub> = 11, N<sub>lost</sub> = 96, N<sub>other</sub> = 862). D, Box plots of _TP53_ and telomerase (EXTEND) scores grouped by `cancer_group`. Mutation status is highlighted in orange (hypermutant) or red (ultra-hypermutant). E, Heatmap of RefSig mutational signatures for patients who have least one tumor or cell line with a TMB >= 10 Mut/Mb. F, Forest plot depicting the prognostic effects of _TP53_ and telomerase scores on overall survival, controlling for extent of tumor resection, LGG group, and HGG group. G, Forest plot depicting the effect of molecular subtype on overall survival of HGGs. For F and G, hazard ratios (HR) with 95% confidence intervals and p-values are listed. Significant p-values are denoted with black diamonds. Reference groups are denoted by grey diamonds. H, Kaplan-Meier curve of HGG tumors by molecular subtype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A, Receiver Operating Characteristic for _TP53_ classifier run on FPKM of stranded RNA-Seq samples. B, Violin and box plots of _TP53_ scores plotted by _TP53_ alteration type (N<sub>activated</sub> = 27, N<sub>lost</sub> = 140, N<sub>other</sub> = 999). C, Violin and box plots of _TP53_ RNA expression plotted by _TP53_ activation status (N<sub>activated</sub> = 11, N<sub>lost</sub> = 96, N<sub>other</sub> = 862). D, Box plots of _TP53_ and telomerase (EXTEND) scores grouped by `cancer_group`. Mutation status is highlighted in orange (hypermutant) or red (ultra-hypermutant). E, Heatmap of RefSig mutational signatures for patients who have least one tumor or cell line with a TMB >= 10 Mut/Mb. F, Forest plot depicting the prognostic effects of _TP53_ and telomerase scores on overall survival, controlling for category of extent of tumor resection, LGG group status, and HGG group status. G, Forest plot depicting the effect of tumor molecular subtype on overall survival of HGG patients. For F and G, hazard ratios (HR) with 95% confidence intervals and p-values are listed. Significant p-values are denoted with black diamonds. Reference groups are denoted by gray diamonds. H, Kaplan-Meier curve of HGG tumors by molecular subtype.
```

Use American spelling for "gray"

Reviewer: If we have "grey" in the dictionary, "grey" it is!

**Figure 5. Transcriptomic and Immune Landscape** 

> A, A, First two dimensions from UMAP of sample transcriptome data. Points are colored by `broad_histology` of the samples they represent. B, Heatmap of GSVA scores for Hallmark gene sets with significant differences, with samples ordered by `cancer_group`. C, Box plots of quanTIseq estimates of immune cell proportions in histologies with N > 15. D, Forest plot depicting the effect of immune cell proportion or _CD274_ expression on overall survival of medulloblastomas. Hazard ratio (HR) with 95% confidence intervals and p-values are listed and significant p-values are denoted with colored diamonds. Of note, the upper CI for macrophage M1 HR was too large to plot. E, Box plot of _CD274_ expression (log<sub>2</sub> FPKM) for medulloblastoma samples grouped by molecular subtype. Adjusted p-values are shown.

Reviewer: Replace "proportion" with "fraction" to match text in the figure axis.

> A, A, First two dimensions from UMAP of sample transcriptome data. Points are colored by `broad_histology` of the samples they represent. B, Heatmap of GSVA scores for Hallmark gene sets with significant differences, with samples ordered by `cancer_group`. C, Box plots of quanTIseq estimates of immune cell proportions in histologies with N > 15. D, Forest plot depicting the effect of immune cell proportion or _CD274_ expression on overall survival of medulloblastomas. Hazard ratio (HR) with 95% confidence intervals and p-values are listed and significant p-values are denoted with colored diamonds. Of note, the upper CI for macrophage M1 HR was too large to plot. E, Box plot of _CD274_ expression (log<sub>2</sub> FPKM) for medulloblastoma samples grouped by molecular subtype. Adjusted p-values are shown.

Author: I think you are thinking of _supplemental_ figure 5?

> A, A, First two dimensions from UMAP of sample transcriptome data. Points are colored by `broad_histology` of the samples they represent. B, Heatmap of GSVA scores for Hallmark gene sets with significant differences, with samples ordered by `cancer_group`. C, Box plots of quanTIseq estimates of immune cell proportions in histologies with N > 15. D, Forest plot depicting the effect of immune cell proportion or _CD274_ expression on overall survival of medulloblastomas. Hazard ratio (HR) with 95% confidence intervals and p-values are listed and significant p-values are denoted with colored diamonds. Of note, the upper CI for macrophage M1 HR was too large to plot. E, Box plot of _CD274_ expression (log<sub>2</sub> FPKM) for medulloblastoma samples grouped by molecular subtype. Adjusted p-values are shown.

Reviewer: Yes, I was!! Good call, all set.
